I’m home.
Hey. you’re home.
Jae-min. your dad is home.
Hello. Dad.
The police chief discussed
the Haeryong Auto union strike...
Why aren’t you changing?
How about we turn this?
This one?
Yes. how about here?
-Here?
-Yes.
Is it here?
It fits.
Good.
What’s with the hammer?
The doors are opening.
Come on!
Attention please.
To maintain a safe distance
with the subway in front.
we have stopped momentarily.
We apologize for this inconvenience.
Excuse me. I’m getting off!
Pardon me!
One moment!
Thank you!
Pardon me.
Sorry.
I’m sorry. pardon me.
Not again...
Office check-in complete.
Sales Team One. let’s start the meeting.
Gather. everyone.
Good morning.
Yes. please continue.
I would have never guessed
from how he acted at work.
Ms. Yeom.
Did something happen?
-Did you see the news?
-News?
You know. that hammer killer?
Yes.
-Apparently. it’s Mr. Kim.
-What?
The cops were here and everything.
Are interns allowed to be late?
I’m sorry.
The meeting starts at ten.
Make copies of these for the meeting.
Yes. ma’am.
All right. could I get your attention?
You may have already heard about
Byung-guk Kim's case... He’s from the station.
homicide detective...
What was your name?
I would like to meet
with each and every one of you.
For now. continue on with your day.
All right. then.
JI-SUN HONG
Assistant Manager Hong?
-Yes.
-You must be shocked.
It’s only natural.
People usually don’t know
about the psychopaths near them.
They’re good at hiding their emotions.
They’re likely to have
a friendly reputation.
He’s not a psycho.
What?
Mr. Kim does not have any mental problems.
He’s just a bit tactless...
He and I weren’t very close.
but he wouldn’t hurt a fly.
Whatever you think. he’s not a psycho.
He’s just not.
Sure. it’s hard to believe.
I understand.
Not "hard to believe." it’s impossible!
You know the suspect
is still at large. right?
Do you have evidence
that he's the killer?
So these came from here.
I drink these every morning.
Do you know how much force
is needed to crush a human skull?
It's 23kg.
Over 23kg of force has to be applied.
Byung-guk Kim's wife...
Her head was crushed into five pieces.
His mother had a spinal fracture.
and instantly died of a heart attack.
And his nine-year-old son's
femoral bones and shoulders were broken
and he died of massive blood loss.
All struck with the hammer
found on the scene.
And Byung-guk's prints were on it.
You don’t want to believe it. right?
So. why did he do this?
That's why we are here
asking you questions.
Right.
Has he ever behaved oddly.
or out of character?
No.
Has he ever told you any weird thoughts?
Weird thoughts?
Thoughts of depression.
or troubles at home.
No. nothing like that.
His son had a rare disease.
I think it was called muscular dystrophy.
He cares for his kid so much.
I also heard he was very nice to his wife.
And at work?
Good work ethics.
he is never late.
He’s very obedient to the authorities
and very dedicated.
He skipped company dinners
to care for his son.
So he always went straight home?
Pardon?
Well. you know.
did it look like
he was meeting other women?
Mr. Kim?
Sorry.
How long does it take for a manager
to become a director?
Normally four years to become a candidate.
For how long was Mr. Kim a manager?
It has been...
six years. I think. About six years.
When I was hired.
he just became a manager.
So he was pushed aside?
Well. the company promotion
guideline isn’t very clear.
so it got a bit delayed.
No promotion in sight.
pressured by his juniors.
A lot of stress. I imagine.
Not at all.
He wasn’t someone who was
fixated on the corporate ladder.
And he was the number one candidate
for next year. anyway.
You’re a candidate for
a manager spot. right?
Fingers crossed.
Thanks for your help.
I’ll call you if needed.
-Mi-rae.
-Yes?
Include this in the meeting material.
Where is this month’s
retailer sales chart?
Show me.
Is she...
not in your team?
Who?
No.
She’s an intern. not a full-time.
Sales Team Two intern?
Yes.
But I don’t think you need to
interview her though.
She just recently started.
What’s her name?
Mi-rae Lee.
And she didn’t know much about Mr. Kim...
-Ms. Mi-rae Lee?
-Yes?
If it’s okay. could we talk for a bit?
-With me?
-Just for a moment.
Pardon me. detective.
there’s an urgent matter.
Mi-rae. can I talk to you?
When they ask about Mr. Kim.
just say you don’t know.
Pardon?
You’re just an intern.
so mind your own business.
People are dead. Do you understand?
If you don’t want to be dragged around.
do what I say.
Got it?
Yes.
Also...
that thing you saw last time...
Don’t leak office matters to the outside.
I’m running a bit short on time.
could I see you now. Ms. Lee?
Go on.
I don’t really know.
I haven’t worked with him much.
Interns don’t even attend team meetings.
Any troubles with your colleagues?
No.
I didn’t get the impression that
he was a popular employee.
People didn't like him. am I right?
You’re wrong.
There are those kinds of people
who are hated by the entire organization.
Tactless. inflexible.
but they work super hard.
And also very kind.
All organizations are the same.
Even us police.
There are people who only care
about their work.
They can’t tell what the superiors want.
maintains only his integrity.
All by himself.
It’s all pointless.
Ms. Lee. you two were close. weren’t you?
I have a meeting to prepare for.
He’s a wanted man.
If he calls or drops by.
you have to call me.
Do you understand?
Yes.
There’ll be a meeting here...
You’ll have to use the conference room.
This will take time.
-Mi-rae?
-Yes?
What are you doing?
This desk was messy...
Don’t do anything you weren’t asked to do.
Ms. Lee!
Yes!
-Come to the meeting.
-What?
You’re attending the meeting today.
Come on.
Okay!
BYUNG-GUK KIM
2015 SALES STRATEGY PLAN
Just look at it!
How can you eat. shit.
and sleep with these results?
-Jae-il Jung!
-Sir?
What did you do last Sunday?
There was a family event...
Get your shit together.
if you have time for such things.
Won-suk Lee!
What did you do?
I went to church...
Church...
Why the hell did you go to church?
Don't go from now on.
Or just pray in the morning!
Does it take all day?
Am I wrong? Am I being ridiculous?
What’s so hard about dropping off
a few boxes at the retailers?
I seriously can’t understand.
Who cares what they say.
just throw the boxes over there!
There are so few retailers here.
and you do nothing
but fiddle with numbers...
Is that what you call making sales?
Talking about it pisses me off more. Ms. Hong. get up.
Didn’t you come to work last Sunday?
Yes.
Your sales went up five percent. right?
She went to one of the retailers
and wailed.
Their boss called me.
and ordered 20 more boxes.
Those were crocodile tears. you hear me?
She put on a hell of a show!
Pathetic fools.
Who will finish the sales strategy plan
that Kim was working on?
-Jae-il Jung.
-Yes?
Finish it up by this week.
Me?
Okay.
Don’t get disturbed
by the mood around here.
Remember that you can
get fired before Thanksgiving.
Got it?
-Yes. boss.
-Yes.
Mi-rae?
Yes?
Not all interns become
full-time employees. You know that. right?
Yes.
There will be an evaluation next week.
Complete the new product analysis.
and sales campaign plan.
Yes. director.
Everyone out.
-Jae-il.
-Yes?
About Byung-guk...
Yes?
Why did he do it?
Beats me.
Actually...
Yes?
Last night...
I had a few drinks
with the regional director last night.
I called for a driver. and fell asleep.
and even while sleeping.
I felt something strange.
Shit. why isn’t he coming?
Byung-guk?
What are you doing?
What is it?
What?
Damn it!
Did you call for a driver?
It was just a dream.
It really was a dream.
but it felt so real.
-He’ll be caught. right?
-Of course.
Don’t worry. sir.
Nothing will come out of it.
For the time being.
don’t call for drivers.
call me instead.
It's so annoying.
Can he not swear?
At least he doesn’t swear at the ladies.
He doesn’t say it to my face.
but it’s all the same.
I feel terrible for Manager Kim.
With everyone there. it was too harsh.
Mr. Kim is too good-natured.
What else can he do?
It’s not being good-natured.
it’s being incompetent.
It's better to swear at his face.
Why bring up his kid?
It’s not right to ridicule a sick kid.
If you’re so concerned.
fetch him some lunch.
Don’t be like that. Ms. Hong.
Is it okay for us to leave
without telling him?
I mentioned it to him earlier.
Did you?
Then you take care of him.
Yes. Mr. Kim is quite fond of you.
Why don’t you go and bring him. then?
Please go ahead then.
Tell me where and we’ll join you.
Must I call you?
No. I’ll give you a call.
I’ll join you later.
Mr. Kim.
Yes. Mi-rae?
Aren't you going to have lunch today?
Everyone is waiting.
No.
I had a big breakfast.
I don’t really feel like it.
You go on ahead.
Should I get you anything?
No. there’s no need.
Are you all right?
You look a bit pale.
I’m fine.
Are you really sure?
Okay.
Your call cannot be connected...
Mi-rae! Mi-rae!
Mi-rae!
What’re you doing?
Did you skip lunch to sleep?
Well. I...
I was up late doing an analysis.
It’s one o’clock.
Oh my gosh.
The Director has a guest.
bring them some tea.
Yes. of course.
Yes. I’m working.
Don’t worry.
Actually.
I might become a full-time employee soon.
No. it’s not that.
I’ll call you back later. Mom.
Bye.
He’s still like that at this age?
I shouldn’t say...
It’s all right.
When I was in grad school.
he and I drank a lot.
Seriously?
Sir. have some coffee.
Thanks. Go ahead.
Oh right. is everyone in?
Mr. Jung isn’t in.
Where is he?
He went out for a moment.
You can greet him later.
come say hello to the team.
Attention. please.
This is our new intern. Da-mi Shin.
She’s starting today
to support the sales campaign.
so Ms. Hong. teach her everything
she needs to know.
-Okay.
-Say hello.
Nice to meet you. my name is Da-mi Shin.
So happy to be here.
You graduated from Boston University?
And a master's. too?
She’s overqualified for an intern.
Don’t be fooled.
Idiot. grad students are
the pitiful ones nowadays.
They go back to school
because they can’t get a job.
He’s right.
I didn’t have the courage
to start working right away.
so I dabbled in everything for a while.
Please pass on your experience.
I’ll work really hard.
You were abroad for so long.
how is your Korean?
It's fine. While doing my master's.
I did some tutoring work as well.
Then you should tutor my daughter.
Come. let’s chat.
You haven’t gone home yet? Not yet. good night.
-You. too.
-Yes. sir.
Shit. which bastard put this on my desk?
Sweetie.
it’s really hard to afford
a home in Seoul nowadays.
You know that.
Hey!
What do you think I am?
This is nuts.
I’m not saying we shouldn’t get married.
let’s talk about it in a year...
Damn.
Stop crying!
Can’t you understand my situation?
I don't want to borrow money for this.
Come on. let’s not fight.
I’m working overtime.
There’s a report I have to submit today. Walk home safely. Bye.
Fuck. give me a break.
HAMMER SLAUGHTER CASE Cheil F&B Sales Manager
Detective.
It’s Kim’s call log for that day.
Nothing unusual.
calls to his retail partners.
He just worked prior to the killing spree.
Detective! Hurry!
It's the security camera footage of
the parking lot on the day of the murder.
It’s Kim.
He’s completely insane.
Look at the time. 10:05 p.m.
The crime was committed at 9:20 p.m.
He slaughtered his family.
and came back to work.
Other angles?
None. we checked everything.
but there are only footages of him
entering the parking lot.
Not even an elevator feed?
The elevator was under maintenance
since 9:00 p.m.
So. when did he leave?
We don’t know.
He was never captured leaving.
What are you saying?
Maybe he’s still in the building.
I’m still working! Hey!
You can’t reach them?
What about the maintenance office?
Try again. and call me if you reach them.
Okay.
Who is it? Who’s fucking around?
Damn it!
This is driving me nuts! Mr. Kim?
Jae-il. are you still working?
Sir. why are you here?
Come on. man. Why does anyone come here?
Sales Strategy Plan...
What a headache.
Call the cops now
You son of a bitch!
What the hell. man. Why are you here?
Stay back!
Damn it!
You’re so dead.
-Alarm has already been deactivated.
-Weird. is someone here?
The intern?
Why are you here at this hour?
Didn’t you check out earlier?
Holy crap.
Didn’t you leave at around nine?
I came back.
It was raining.
and I wanted to work at home.
But I left this file here...
Yes.
I checked the parking lot thoroughly.
He wouldn’t still be here.
Should I come up?
Forget it.
You’re on security detail tonight.
What? But I have to...
You live so far away.
The commute must be hard.
Rent in Seoul is too expensive.
I’m used to it now.
-Where's your hometown?
-Gwangju.
When did you move?
About a year ago. when I got hired.
No southern accent though.
I haven’t used it since junior high.
Why?
I wanted to work in Seoul.
Seoul is not perfect. you know.
Thank you for taking me home.
You live here?
Yes.
You’ll be seeing me often.
You
were right.
I...
I looked up to Mr. Kim.
Of all my seniors.
only he treated me warmly.
Seoul is unfamiliar.
and so are the people.
and he was so kind.
even though I was an intern.
I don’t know what the others said.
but to me. he was a good man.
Go and get some rest.
I’m rechecking everything.
but he’s nowhere.
Still no footage of him leaving?
No. How should I proceed?
Just in case. check all the
security footage surrounding the building.
Yes.
-No one left?
-What?
No.
Shall I get you a blanket?
Sorry. sir.
-This is good...
-Thank you.
Good morning.
-Good morning.
-Morning. boss.
Where’s Jae-il?
He’s...
not in yet. I guess.
That idiot.
What did the cops ask?
They only asked standard questions.
There’s not much info to give.
Keep your people quiet.
-Yes. don’t worry.
-Did he have any issues?
It was brutal.
It was nothing like that.
Anyway. Cheil should never
be mentioned in the media.
JAE-IL JUNG SALES TEAM TWO This is nuts. I want to die.
-The ceiling couldn’t hold the weight.
-What about the neck wound?
It happens when the rope
tightens around the neck.
According to the coroner.
it’s a common hanging pattern.
What about his last call?
I verified that it was his fiancée.
They weren’t fighting.
just a small lover's quarrel.
I was told
that his stock portfolio crashed
and he was upset.
It’s Byung-guk Kim. he’s the killer!
You cops are pathetic!
Can’t you even catch an idiot?
Since you’re jerking off here.
everything is going to shit!
What?
-You piece of trash!
-Director. let’s go.
Are you taking it easy.
since the government signs your check?
You’re all incompetent idiots!
-Cops should be evaluated! You hear me?
-I agree.
Fire all the underperforming pigs!
Son of a bitch.
Catch that Byung-guk.
I didn’t see Ms. Lee there.
No need for an intern to attend a funeral.
She’s still your teammate.
Not yet.
The director can really let loose.
Claiming Byung-guk killed Jae-il.
and all that.
I agree with him.
Look here.
We determine if it’s a murder or not.
Jae-il Jung
was killed by Byung-guk.
What? Do you think us cops are fools?
You said he’s not like that.
and that he wouldn’t hurt a soul.
You said it was impossible!
Now you change your mind?
It's because I’m scared.
Of what?
Mr. Kim.
He is still in the building.
I...
I saw him.
Where the heck is that file?
BYUNG-GUK KIM
SECOND HALF SALES STRATEGY
Does that make sense?
Why didn’t you report it?
So you’re absolutely certain?
Did you tell the others?
Why not?
He disappeared.
What?
He was gone. without a trace.
Like it was a dream.
No. it wasn’t a dream.
I’m not sure.
Maybe I hallucinated.
What?
Why are you alone? Where’s the task force?
The thing is...
-Turned down?
-Sit.
For what reason?
Sit down.
Cheil filed a complaint.
Complaint? For what?
They’ll file a suit for work interference.
I want to conduct a search
after everyone is gone.
how is that work interference?
They don’t want their company
to be associated
with a murder case since
public image is everything.
Is reputation more important than
their employees’ safety?
Why are you shouting at me?
Chief.
Just give me one squad.
-In two hours...
-And if nothing turns up?
Isn’t that what we want to confirm?
Hey. leave us.
HAERYONG AUTO UNION LIST
He’s near Bucheon station.
Take the boys and get to Bucheon.
just find that union head idiot.
Me?
Search saunas and internet cafes
around the station. and bring him in.
Chief...
It’s already worked out
with the higher-ups.
The performance review is coming up.
BYUNG-GUK KIM LOGGED IN
Manager Kim: Mi-rae...
Mi-rae: Manager Kim?
Manager Kim: Must be hard working late.
Mi-rae: Where are you?
Mi-rae: Is this really Mr. Kim?
Mi-rae: Whoever you are.
stop messing around.
Mr. Kim: Do you still
have the thing I gave you?
Working late again?
Yes.
Why didn’t you go to the funeral?
They wanted someone in the office.
Why work so hard?
Pace yourself.
Head home. tomorrow is another day.
Okay.
Bye.
Yes. Mom. I’m at work.
Working overtime.
Mom. I have to get this done today.
MAINTENANCE ROOM
You haven’t gone home yet?
What brings you here?
For my report.
I went home to get some rest.
but I can’t focus on work there.
You live nearby?
Yes.
I got a small room nearby.
my home is a bit far from here.
I didn’t think anyone would still be here.
Good. I didn’t want to be alone.
Let’s work together.
No.
I’m actually heading out now.
MI-RAE LEE
NEW PRODUCT ANALYSIS REPORT
LET’S BECOME A FIRST-RATE COMPANY
Mi-rae.
You’re here early. Good morning.
You're here early.
Did you get home okay?
Yes.
Da-mi. good idea.
It’s nothing. I thought of it on the way.
What is that?
Hey. Da-mi prepared it on the way.
Really?
I’ll get a vase.
She’s pretty sensible.
I know. right?
We had a chat. she’s very down to earth.
Good education.
good attitude. and she's pretty too.
Probably came from money.
since she studied abroad.
She’s a rare breed.
Right?
-By comparison...
-Mi-rae Lee?
-Yes.
-Damn it. Don’t talk about her.
I wish she'd be half as good as Da-mi.
-I know. right?
-We’re not asking a lot.
That’s her limit.
She was a total drag yesterday.
She won’t make it.
She lacks social skills.
She’s driving me crazy.
Always having that scared look on her.
It kills me to even look at her face.
I’m sorry!
Hey! Watch it!
I’m sorry.
Damn it!
HR MANAGER TAE-HYUNG KIM
Sit.
You requested a meeting?
Yes.
What for?
About
becoming a full-time employee
after my internship.
When will I find out?
How long have you worked here?
Almost five months. EMPLOYEE PROFILE
Why? Are you worried that
you might not get it?
Yes.
You have good work ethic.
and you work hard.
you shouldn’t worry.
I requested an evaluation
from the department head.
Then...
What about our new intern?
-What was her name?
-Da-mi Shin.
She hasn’t worked long enough
for us to evaluate her.
Don’t worry too much.
If we don’t hire you.
then who will we hire?
Right?
Mi-rae. where have you been?
Your phone was off.
The battery died. I’m sorry.
I asked where you were.
I had an errand for intern assignment.
Intern assignment?
Shouldn’t you do that after work hours?
I stayed up all night
working on the sales strategy.
But I wasted two hours
because you forgot a data point.
I’m sorry. I’ll print it right away.
And Mi-rae?
Yes?
I wasn’t going to say this.
but why do you think
the director hired Da-mi?
We have an intern. so why hire another?
Interns normally go
full-time after three months.
You didn’t know?
Mi-rae?
Yes?
Crying? No.
You try too hard. that’s your problem.
Pardon?
Don’t try to be so good.
Don’t show your eagerness
to succeed too much.
That would work against you
in the company.
I don’t really understand.
When we see you working so desperately.
we wonder if it’s lack of confidence. or if you’re compensating for something.
It feels a bit pitiful.
So just go with the flow.
Don't always be so strict on yourself.
You’re a kind person.
but you're a lot like Mr. Kim.
Finish up. I’m leaving.
Mr. Kim.
Why do you have that?
Do you remember?
The affiliate who hung himself
at his own shop.
I didn’t take his call that day.
He begged me to save his ass.
He sent me a package
before killing himself.
Why
did he send me this?
What did he want from me?
But the thing is.
when I hold this. I feel calm.
It completely vaporizes
the stress that piled up.
This is like
a rosary to me.
Mr. Kim.
Would you like to hold it?
No.
Just try it.
Mi-rae.
There are two types of people
in the world.
We’re in the same category.
Right.
You should have it. you’ll need it more.
Why are you doing this?
Take it.
You’re a bit weird. you know that?
I’m serious. you’ll need it. -Take it!
-No!
How am I like you? Why?
I’m sorry.
I really am.
Ji-sun Hong.
Is this all you can do?
You expect me to present this
to the HQ tomorrow?
Have you gone mad?
Where is the data supporting
the sales plan?
Does scribbling some words
become a sales plan?
It’s what Mr. Kim always did.
Ms. Hong. what have you learned from him?
And your sales campaign
hasn’t changed at all!
You're just proposing
to repeat last year’s plan!
If you lack ideas.
at least put in the effort!
It’s what Mr. Kim always did?
Listen to yourself.
You’re saying he did
all the work up to now.
So you had free rides all these years?
I’ll quit then.
What?
-I’ll resign.
-Ji-sun Hong!
I feel like I'm going to die.
I can’t take it anymore!
I feel like I’m working myself to death!
-I’ll quit.
-Look here.
That's right. you fired Mr. Kim that day.
Why didn’t you tell that to the cops?
What?
A dismissed Cheil employee
killed his entire family!
Unfair dismissal sent him over the edge!
You kept quiet because you were
afraid of gossip like that.
Enough!
You told them it was
an ordinary day at the office.
But you’re afraid too.
You're afraid that it’s the truth.
Ms. Hong!
You shouldn’t leave like this.
Ms. Hong.
You didn’t know. right?
Jae-il knew about it.
She knew too.
Korea National Oil Corporation's
acquisition
of Canadian company Harvest
with 4.5 trillion won...
Could you turn off the radio?
So. the director
fired Mr. Kim that day.
Everything has gone to shit.
How did Mi-rae find out?
Probably overheard.
She’s got a dark side to her.
How could she keep it to herself?
It’s all messed up here.
I want to quit.
Quit. then.
How would I make a living?
Are you going to take care of me?
Don’t quit. then.
I just don’t want to come to work.
Oh. well.
The director asked me earlier.
of the two. which one I would pick.
Really?
So. what did you say?
You know...
And what did he say?
He feels the same.
Mi-rae works really hard. but...
That's the problem.
Working hard is all she does.
I know. right?
Anyway. who knows what will happen.
Isn’t it because you find Da-mi cute?
You're being ridiculous.
Is it okay for us to just leave?
Who cares?
Are you all right?
What do you mean?
Well. you know.
You and I should grab
some dinner sometime.
Why?
We didn't have much chance to talk.
I’m heading out.
Yes. Chief. I’m on my way back.
Yes. I’ll get started on the briefing.
Okay!
Why were you in Bucheon?
-To see a friend.
-A friend?
To hide at his place?
If that happened.
we would have been fucked.
They always have accomplices.
Yes. detective.
What? Mi-rae Lee?
No. she hasn’t left yet.
Okay. I got it.
I looked up to Mr. Kim.
To me. he was a good man.
NEW HIRE REQUEST
FOR INTERN DA-MI SHIN
Yes. someone with experience.
Someone good. okay?
Some bitch was irritating me.
so I fired her.
Look into it and call me back.
All right.
Stupid bitch.
Does she think nothing
will get done without her?
Fucking bitch.
Damn it.
TO: MI-RAE LEE
FROM: DIRECTOR
This regional meeting is really important.
Please come back and finish the plan.
You know how much I trust you.
I’m sorry about earlier.
By the way I fast-tracked
your promotion. Really!
Sir. could you take me back?
What?
The traffic is just getting better.
Just go please.
Excuse me.
Sir.
Did something happen to her?
It’s nothing. please go inside.
Is she dead?
That night
I was drunk and went
to her room by accident.
And she was there.
in the middle of the room.
Standing there like a statue.
She held a knife.
A knife?
She didn’t do anything.
her knife was this big.
She just stood there.
She didn’t even know I was inside.
Then?
I was scared. so I got out.
I could tell she was
like a ticking time bomb.
even by just looking at her once.
She looked like she was possessed.
The doors are closing.
It’s occupied.
It’s occupied!
Oh my god!
That’s strange.
Where’s the rotting smell coming from?
What’s that stench?
Right?
Is something inside?
What a stench.
Holy fuck!
What? You found what?
We got a body! It’s Byung-guk Kim!
We just found him. please come right away!
Where is it...
Holy crap!
I told you. not at the office!
But it’s thrilling.
You came back quick. honey.
Whatever. I should’ve left my phone off.
I know...
He gave me a really bad look
when I was leaving.
It's so annoying. don’t even mention it.
I said stop.
Mi-rae?
Mi-rae. what are you doing?
2015 SALES STRATEGY PLAN
SALES TEAM TWO
Why are you working on this?
Why. can’t I?
Where are you going?
Aren't you going to work?
-Why you...
-Hey!
Are you mad?
You’re just an intern!
You’re finished.
Understand?
Mi-rae!
Are you nuts?
Are you okay?
Ha-young.
Come on. wake up!
Shit.
Open your eyes! Ha-young!
Wake up.
Shit.
That bitch!
2015 SALES STRATEGY PLAN
SALES TEAM TWO
BY BYUNG-GUK KIM
What?
Give that to me.
Don’t come any closer.
Give it back.
What have you been doing with Mr. Kim?
I’m begging you. I really need that.
Don’t come any closer!
Hey. what did you do to Ha-young?
Please give it back!
What did you do to her?
I told you not to move.
Do you think I won’t hurt you?
Let go!
Give it to me!
Let go.
Let this go!
Let go! Let go!
Shit!
What's wrong with you?
It hurts...
Tell me. what's your problem?
It hurts so much.
Hands up!
She's not Mi-rae Lee.
Hands up. asshole!
Tell him. who are you?
-Get off!
-Who are you?
You’ll die.
Tell me! Who are you?
Get off!
Ms. Lee?
Mi-rae!
One of them is already dead.
She was unconscious
when she was brought in.
The gunfire must have triggered the shock.
Cyanide was detected in Kim’s body.
On the day of the killings.
the elevator was being maintained.
He must have snuck in
while the engineer was away.
This was inside Kim’s bag.
It’s his journal.
What was Won-suk Lee’s motive?
It’s still not...
How could you not have it yet?
See if he had
a history of mental problems.
If there isn’t a motive.
come up with a believable one.
Make sure they don’t bring up
excessive defense.
You understand?
Is there a problem?
No. sir.
I’ll debrief when I get back.
Yes. sir.
Manager Byung-guk Kim
Sales Team Two
The office is filled with wolves.
waiting to rip each other into pieces.
Have you been well?
I heard you're getting discharged
in two days.
Yes.
You look good.
You too.
I...
I have a question.
EVIDENCE
This knife...
Have you seen it before?
Yes.
Where?
I had it with me.
What for?
I don’t know.
To me. it’s...
like a rosary.
A rosary?
I felt like I was at peace.
I heard you’re getting promoted.
Congratulations.
Hello?
This is Hanwol F&B’s HR department.
Didn’t you submit a job application?
Yes.
Your interview is at three o'clock
next Saturday.
Please come to the fifth floor.
Okay. thank you.